W-11011634: Add note on low performance of multipart format (#142)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc

== Low Performance Issues

=== application/dw format
Using `output application/dw` format can impact the performance of transformations. This format is intended to help you debug the results of DataWeave transformations.
It is significantly slower than other formats, so avoid using this format in production applications.

=== multipart/form-data content parsing

> When working with `multipart/form-data` inputs, trying to access the content of a part can cause performance degradation, especially for large parts. If the intention is not to parse the contents, use the `^raw` selector to avoid parsing.

Reviewer: Can we explain a bit more about why this could happen? Otherwise, it sounds like multipart will always have issues. I'd be clear around this occurring because we parse the parts in formats we understand so they can be queried and analyzed, but if that's not a requirement and they can be treated as binary content then raw will work. I think we can also make a note that this is particularly relevant when dealing with formats with high memory requirements like Excel files.

Author: Addressed in the new revision

== Low Performance Issues

> === application/dw format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== application/dw Format
```

Using `output application/dw` format can impact the performance of transformations. This format is intended to help you debug the results of DataWeave transformations.
It is significantly slower than other formats, so avoid using this format in production applications.

> === multipart/form-data content parsing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== multipart/form-data Content Parsing
```

> When working with `multipart/form-data` inputs, trying to access the content of a large part could cause performance degradation. This happens because when accessing the content of a part, the interpreter will try to parse it for further querying and analysis which can take time specially for high memory formats like `application/xslx`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When working with `multipart/form-data` inputs, trying to access the content of a large part could cause performance degradation. This happens because when accessing the content of a part, the interpreter will try to parse it for further querying and analysis which can take time specially for high memory formats like `application/xlsx`. 
```

> When working with `multipart/form-data` inputs, trying to access the content of a large part could cause performance degradation. This happens because when accessing the content of a part, the interpreter will try to parse it for further querying and analysis which can take time specially for high memory formats like `application/xlsx`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `multipart/form-data` inputs, accessing content of a large part can cause performance degradation. The interpreter tries to parse this content for further querying and analysis, which can take time, especially for high-memory formats like `application/xlsx`. 
```

> If the intention of your script is not to parse the contents of specific parts and they can be treated as binary content, use the `^raw` selector to avoid parsing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use  the `^raw` selector to avoid parsing binary contents of specific parts.  
```

> The following example shows the use of ^raw selector no specific operations over each part is needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example shows the use of ^raw selector on specific operations over each part is needed.
```

> The following example shows the use of ^raw selector on specific operations over each part is needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example uses the `^raw` selector on specific operations over each part.
```

==== Input

[source,text,linenums]
----
--myboundary
Content-Disposition: form-data; name="file1"; filename="a.json"
Content-Type: application/json

{
"title": "Java 8 in Action",
"author": "Mario Fusco",
"year": 2014
}
--myboundary
Content-Disposition: form-data; name="file2"; filename="a.xml"
Content-Type: application/xml

<doc>
    <title> Available for download! </title>
    <content> Really large content </content>
</doc>
--myboundary--
----

==== Source

[source,weave, linenums]

%dw 2.0
input payload multipart boundary='myboundary'
output application/json
---
payload.parts mapObject ((value, key, index) ->
{
    (key): {
	fileName: payload.parts[index].headers.'Content-Disposition'.filename,

>     rawContent: payload.parts[1].content.^raw

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    rawContent: payload.parts[index].content.^raw
```
